Remove Markdown syntax in UDI Python website description. (#845)
hms-dbmi/gehlenborglab-website: _projects/universal-discovery-interface.md

websites:
  - name: Universal Discovery Interface Visualization Grammar
    description: Details on the visualization grammar.
    url: https://hms-dbmi.github.io/udi-grammar/#/
    primary: true
  - name: OSF DQVis Dataset
    description: Dataset of 1.08 million data-question-visualization triplets and 11.4 thousand two-step question samples.
    url: https://huggingface.co/datasets/DevLan/DQVis
  - name: Universal Discovery Interface Toolkit
    description: Viz toolkit npm package.
    url: https://www.npmjs.com/package/udi-toolkit 
  - name: Universal Discovery Interface Visualization Grammar Python Package
    description: Python code for generating Universal Discovery Interface (UDI) specifications.
    url: https://pypi.org/project/udi-grammar-py/
  

github_repositories:
  - name: Universal Discovery Interface Visualization Grammar

>     description: TypeScript typing definitions for the Universal Discovery Interface (UDI) Grammar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description: The Universal Discovery Interface (UDI) Grammar repository includes TypeScript type definitions, a frontend visualization component for rendering UDI specifications, and a website with examples and a live editor.
```
